foot and that honda people
I'm here again and this time brought a top-10 of gamecube games
and remember, it's my fucking opinion, so if you do not like it, take it for ass
this top will be like the one I made of ps2 qualifies for graphics history and
good gameplay let's start
Good morning, extend the closure
Sergio Sanchez have failed model was killed and only remains as only
relative living in the house of his grandfather will find a
which will go up to some chapters of the history of his family in total
the game is something short but it really makes your clothes dirty you're very
Terrifying control is a bit strange but it responds well and after a while
you get used to the graphics are good the characters are very good
designed and the quality of the textures is also good
graphic ads 8 gameplay 7 story 8 good has been enough
number nine
it's really fun to be playing in shipyards area although the truth is
better is mario kart like 64 and
13 in this game go four cups with 401
the game has no history
the graphics are also good and the gameplay also although the control
of the game cube for racing games are almost equally conditioned
that the chairlifts and this looks more like that of ps 2
waters with getting used to it is fun to play said
in the executive phase mother but after a while it bores because that's in this
put in
the graphics eight stories and with dovizioso gameplay when we pass
eight days
Number 8
resident evil zero
well this game I had never played until recently I'm playing all
the resident evil and I started with this one without gambling the game is very good a
little confusing the story but you understand the others better as 1 on 2 and 3
the graphics are very good they are
10 are very well made and the main characters like rebecca hall
and also
the classic Resident Evil gameplay with a control that responds very
well with illusion graphics 9 gameplay 2d story eight let's move on
next number 7 medtronic 30 this game is the host are very thin
Even though it does not have a lot of argument, it is very funny, it has good graphics,
Gameplay is good and it's long and difficult
a challenge here you have to get choshuenco pieces like cojones
call if you have to go today get this game is very good do not let them
I say how it ends because if I'm not going to shit them good in conclusion graphics
skill 8 story 8 points 5 let's move on
number 6 pikmin in this game we control the captain olimar of shit
and its moments that are called pikmin the game has good difficulty
good weather effects and good graphics the game looks like me
game that nintendo presented in the e3 of who knows that click year hahaha that is
called mario 128 that were 128 neighborhoods on top of a game cube running like
true mentally retarded good the story begins when you hit a
meteorite and the ship falls to the ground but the captain olimar can not survive
on earth more than 30 days and you have until then to rebuild tuna from
Fuck you in conclusion graphics 8 points 5 gameplay 8
points 5 story 8 let's move on to the next
the number five
resident evil 4 maybe some of you send me to hell for putting
this great game in this position but let them tell you why the game has
great graphics
good story and good gameplay but it is vicious and after spending about 50
sometimes it starts to bore just for that
but it's a great game no one says no
conclusion graphics 10 gameplay is already history 8
number four of legend of zelda the wind waker this game is the host
I thought it would be crap just to see it but I did not play and I liked it a lot
although sometimes it's a bit boring to go traveling in the sea, the game has
good playability but what I do not like about zelda games is that
You can jump only when you run to an edge and that makes me a bit weird
but it is a matter of getting used to the game it is quite difficult I shit on the whore
mother the second mission where are you going to the skull or death island or how
fuck you call
return and return
so more laps
I was about to send the ball shit but after a while I could pass
something that also my mother shit but that has nothing to do with
at stake but I almost finished the game and chad
they are woven with memory and
I sent everything to hell
she thinks something was done to me
the game the fucking trips the whores caves and those shits
Eleven soldiers travel to Japan or in conclusion graphics 7 gameplay
nine story 9 let's move on to the next
number 3
maiso 'paper mario' and the millennial door in this game we will be the
nintendo plumber in a new adventure where the team x rat to the
bitch princess bicycles pitch and also want to own the crystals
stellar stones are mario must gather to open a door that
is under villaviciosa or as shit is called the game has good
gameplay and plot is one of the rpgs that I liked the most obvious with
exceptions to me I almost do not like rpgs but this one is very good since
do not program the attack as it is done in other rpgs you also have to do
sequences of buttons and make movements with it historical as
graphics 6 gameplay and it's story 9 number 2
super smash bros mane I think that many were already waiting for this great game has
a great gameplay
good graphics and has no history and sad but that does not stop being a
played in this game we can choose about 25 characters and
sad of the best sagas of nintendo is very very very very fun to play it with
friends it's kind of hard to unlock some avenues and some people
3 as the point of view of the sea lorenzo sands as the one of tank and with 64
you have to contribute 15 minutes worth of shit
taking the shit out of the male and female characters that are like
humanoids but in spite of that we are doing in the game in conclusion
classics of its gameplay and it's history 6 we pass alamedas those that already
there has been a boy who does not want there exists
number one legend of zelda twilight princess good no doubt a masterpiece
without much to say just a fantastic word
the best
gamecube cell and the best game for the console according to me and if you do not think
so take your mouse that you are sure is holding right now and gobble it up with
your ass and if this data is good then you have more luck as the game is
great many good things to highlight
like his impeccable graphics adding so responsive and his great argument
as graphics are playable feet and it's history and just like I told them is my
opinion asi ke
who does not like it you can go fuck your career
I do not hope you liked it
until next time